wants people
we are a little about Patricia Donoso I am
interested in knowing Look, I met Patricia Donoso
years ago on Sálvame she
contacted me and said Hey Joana would you like to
do a makeover and I said Oh
well Okay she has great taste in
fashion she knows everything she makes some
great looks and the girl Came very affectionate
very attentive she made the looks for me she brought me
all looks accessories I remember that
Mr. Donoso who is a real sweetheart
Mr. Donoso also once
came to pick me up Shoes and all the stuff
she came a very
discreet girl she was always behind she never
bothered anyone and well
Sometimes she took a picture but well because that is
normal but no I do not
bother Not at all we became
quite close friends I went to the farm that I
had with Donoso with Mr. Donoso it was
a beautiful farm with horses with
people working it was a couple that you
could see that They had Well a
high purchasing power Very generous and such And
then we lost contact a bit
because Patricia went to Switzerland and
Italy and she was working She was
also in the deluxe fashion thing
then  the marriage with Donoso was not going well
and you in the reasons because she told me
But this is something very private that I do not
go into And well with Charles with her
husband who is also charming I
met him in New York three years ago at
Christmas and a very nice man And well
Patricia as always when we
worked I already had business matters
of Donoso of more things
that she did with charge as well or rather she is a
person who has always always been
attentive and has always worked No and well
and television was something that she liked
and on this occasion she had well it came
out and what she explained to me I
asked her But how come you came out
because Ortega Cano denies it and she
told me Look he gave me the OK For the
statement So I sent it when I had already
sent it he told me not to
go out of course any journalist
who has it is gold Of course
you make a feast with that one he would have given it to me
Well I go running sometimes and
not public And then it's true that not so
rich Or rather she earns because I
heard him say she
generated 300,000 euros I don't remember if he
said the day  or a week or something like that
an outrage I mean that's true that
power still not well let's see I haven't
seen her bank accounts It's true
that she had already told me that they had
several businesses and they are partners in a
law firm They
also had a bank or participated in it
Charles had many things is very
sought after too and so does she and
obviously you see it In things that
she wears because you
will never see anything not a copy what she wears is all good And you have to have a very high purchasing power because those accessories are very expensive in the end we have to think that it's that maybe There are 300 people in the world who buy
haute couture put it at most A thousand no Yes
she has a good life It's that in fact
when she came to save me she paid for her own
ticket and the hotel I mean not only did
nobody pay now it's different
because I think that she likes It
's a facet that
she wants she told me a while ago she wanted to
do a television program look and
one thing that nobody knows and it's exclusive
well I come here I give them all to
you in the end
recently and because when it rang  her
name I asked her and she said No but how am I
going to go to survivor
Johanna if I can't stand the sun I can't
stand the beach I can't stand the sand I
can't be out of the house I believed it
because I know it's true Patricia is not
a beach woman and when she
left she said look excuse me because
the producer let me not say anything
and I said I
told a little lie Yes but that's normal
because the producer doesn't want it and
then they sign it in a contract and you
could get a fine so she does very
well not to tell me And
I asked her But how come you're going and it
's a challenge for me Charles has encouraged me a lot and
that was when she told me that she was
recording she had started recording a
reality show in Hollywood that you remember she
said Well you'll see if I'm friends with
Paris Hilton or not with the Kardashians and
such and she was with this project But it's
true that at that time she
couldn't continue recording because she was very
swollen from the last operation and her
husband said Hey why don't you go to
survivors and then well
then she goes to survivors that's it  What she
told me is that she has a very
good thing is that she is going to work she is going
to give videos she knows that this is not a
reality show it is not going to cross your hands it is not a
reality show to be contained What happens is that
survivors that marks the beginning of the
white programming of Telecinco of all
this code of ethics of these things
from what they have told me it is going to be a
true survivor as it was in
the time of Antena 3 the daughter of the
famous
the head
is that it was like that it was a lot of
survival for me it was my
strong and powerful reality there was an Antenna 3
too eh I mean I remember the scene
with Carlos Georgia that has now gone
viral as a result of what happened with this that
is on the run By the way He is on the run
not yet sometimes they have not caught him I do
not understand the scene This is the one with the
other one and Silvia fuminaya Who goes
to the set with a with a security guard for a
bodyguard or in other words there was
obviously not the same as having
five but
this code now not only the
code the list is now also going to influence
survivor too of course of course
all the programs No but this
need  of putting on because in the end for
example survivor I can understand
but save me in this that she got into
talking about Ortega not the spectacle of
Ortegaca not calling
unnecessarily without having it No, what she
came to explain to me was this that it was
an accumulation of circumstances that she had
already given the statement that they
put it and they told her hey come talk, it
was the statement that was going to be given
anyway and she never thought that
Ortega here was not going to take it so badly
I think that there When Jose came in Well
also a little nervous I think Gloria
Camila she also got upset Because at
that moment she didn't have kilometers of
television she didn't know how to handle it and Well, it was
quite a show and look, well that's it,
things sometimes happen like this
but I say that she is going to give
content because she knows that she has to
work and she is a professional she is
on foot what is asked of her And such But of course it
cannot be just a content of
fighting with people I don't suppose that at
some point she will play this role Well, a
little floor I
can't speak clearly
[Music]